[docs] fungible asset and primary fungible store (#7880)
aptos-labs/aptos-core: developer-docs-site/docs/standards/fungible-asset.md

---
title: "Fungible Asset"
id: "fungible-asset"
---
import ThemedImage from '@theme/ThemedImage';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

# Fungible Asset

> Fungible assets (FA) are an essential part of the Aptos ecosystem, as they enable the creation and transfer of fungible units, which can represent different assets, such as currency, shares, material in games, or many other types of assets. Furthermore, fungible assets can be used to build decentralized applications that require a token economy, such as decentralized exchanges or gaming platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fungible assets (FAs) are an essential part of the Aptos ecosystem, as they enable the creation and transfer of fungible units, which can represent different assets, such as currency, shares, material in games, or many other types of assets. Furthermore, fungible assets can be used to build decentralized applications that require a token economy, such as decentralized exchanges or gaming platforms.
```

The [fungible asset module](https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-core/blob/main/aptos-move/framework/aptos-framework/sources/fungible_asset.move) provides a standard, type-safe framework for defining fungible assets within the Aptos Move ecosystem.

> In this standard, fungible assets are stored in `Object<FungibleStore>` that has a specific amount of units. Fungible assets are units that are interchangeable with others of the same metadata. The standard is built upon object model so all the resources defined here are included in object resource group and stored inside objects. The fungible assets within an object can be divided into smaller units creating new stores without creating new units. Similarly they can be combined to aggregate units into fewer objects. The standard also supports minting new units and burning existing units with appropriate controls.

Reviewer 2: "The fungible assets within an object can be divided into smaller units creating new stores without creating new units"

I don't quite understand this sentence. How about "The fungible assets can be stored in objects that contain a FungibleStore resource. These stores objects can be freely created and fungible assets can be moved, split, combined between them easily"

Author: That's david's edits. I will resolve this.

> In this standard, fungible assets are stored in `Object<FungibleStore>` that has a specific amount of units. Fungible assets are units that are interchangeable with others of the same metadata. The standard is built upon object model so all the resources defined here are included in object resource group and stored inside objects. The fungible assets within an object can be divided into smaller units creating new stores without creating new units. Similarly they can be combined to aggregate units into fewer objects. The standard also supports minting new units and burning existing units with appropriate controls.

Reviewer 2: "Fungible assets are units that are interchangeable with others of the same metadata. The standard is built upon object model so all the resources defined here are included in object resource group and stored inside objects"

This sentence can also be rewritten to be more understandable: "Fungible assets have a metadata object define that include information such as name, symbol and decimals. Fungible assets of a specific metadata type can be stored in objects that contain a FungibleStore resource" (this flows into the sentence from the earlier comment)

> The relationship between the structures laid out in this standard is shown in this diagram.

Reviewer 2: "The different objects involved - the FungibleAssetMetadata and FungibleStore objects, and their relationships to accounts are shown in the diagram below"

<div style={{textAlign: "center"}}>
<ThemedImage
alt="fungible asset architecture"
sources={{
    light: useBaseUrl('/img/docs/fungible-asset.svg'),
    dark: useBaseUrl('/img/docs/fungible-asset-dark.svg'),
  }}
/>
</div>

## Difference with Aptos Coin

FA is a broader category than just coins. While fungible coins are just one possible use case of FA, it can represent a wider range of fungible items, such as in-game assets like gems or rocks, event tickets, and partial ownership of real-world assets. FA is constructed using an object model, which provides the flexibility for customizable, detailed management and offers a new programming model based on objects.

> Minimally, Aptos coin should be interchangeable with FA, it is up to the will of the ecosystem to dictate the whether or not Aptos coin is replaced by a FA equivalent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minimally, [Aptos coin](./aptos-coin.md) should be interchangeable with FA, it is up to the will of the ecosystem to dictate whether or not Aptos coin is replaced by a FA equivalent.
```

> Minimally, [Aptos coin](./aptos-coin.md) should be interchangeable with FA, it is up to the will of the ecosystem to dictate whether or not Aptos coin is replaced by a FA equivalent.

Reviewer 2: This might be questionable - we should back and update this once the strategy for migrating APT is clearer

## Structures

### Metadata Object

> Within FA, metadata defines attributes of the type and other common features. The type, itself, is defined by the Object or address where this information lies. In other words, two assets with identical metadata but distinct Objects are not the same. The metadata layout is defined as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within FA, metadata defines attributes of the type and other common features. The type itself is defined by the Object or address where this information lies. In other words, two assets with identical metadata but distinct Objects are not the same. The metadata layout is defined as:
```

> Within FA, metadata defines attributes of the type and other common features. The type itself is defined by the Object or address where this information lies. In other words, two assets with identical metadata but distinct Objects are not the same. The metadata layout is defined as:

Reviewer 2: This doesn't make sense at all. I think this can be written as "FungibleAssetMetadata objects with unique addresses define the type of the fungible asset. Even if specific fields such as name, symbol, etc. are exactly the same, as long as the FungibleAssetMetadata object address is different, the fungible assets would be different. In short, the address of the metadata object can be used as *unique identifier* of the fungible asset type.

```rust
#[resource_group_member(group = aptos_framework::object::ObjectGroup)]
struct Metadata has key {
    supply: Option<Supply>,
    /// Name of the fungible metadata, i.e., "USDT".
    name: String,
    /// Symbol of the fungible metadata, usually a shorter version of the name.
    /// For example, Singapore Dollar is SGD.
    symbol: String,
    /// Number of decimals used for display purposes.
    /// For example, if `decimals` equals `2`, a balance of `505` coins should
    /// be displayed to a user as `5.05` (`505 / 10 ** 2`).
    decimals: u8,
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: It might also be clearer to give an example here where 0x123::USDT in the current Coin standard can be referred to as just 0x123 in the Fungible Asset standard where 0x123 is the metadata object address

### Fungible Asset and Fungible Store

FA allows typing to be decoupled from metadata by allocating an object reference that points at the metadata. Hence a set of units of FA is represented as an amount and a reference to the metadata, as shown:

```rust
struct FungibleAsset {
    metadata: Object<Metadata>,
    amount: u64,
}
```

In contrast to Objects and addresses, a Coin uses a generic, or the `CoinType`, to support distinct typing within the Coin framework. For example, `Coin<A>` and `Coin<B>` are two distinct coins, if `A != B`.

> The fungible assets is a struct representing the type and the amount of units held. As the struct does not have either key or store abilities, it can only be passed from one function to another but must be consumed by the end of a transaction. Specifically, it must be deposited back into a fungible store at the end of the transaction:

Reviewer 2: Let's also explain that this "hot potato" pattern ensures that fungible assets are always stored in the top-level FungibleStore resource. This makes it much easier to find, analyze and control (if so desired by creators)

```rust
#[resource_group_member(group = aptos_framework::object::ObjectGroup)]
    struct FungibleStore has key {
    /// The address of the base metadata object.
    metadata: Object<Metadata>,
    /// The balance of the fungible metadata.
    balance: u64,
    /// Fungible Assets transferring is a common operation, this allows for freezing/unfreezing accounts.
    frozen: bool,
}
```

The only extra field added here is `frozen`. if it is `true`, this object is frozen, i.e. deposit and withdraw are both disabled without using `TransferRef` in the next section.

### References

> _Reference_ (ref) is the means to implement permission control across different standards in Aptos. In different contexts, it may be called _capabilities_. The FA standard has three distinct refs for minting, transferring, and burning FA: `MintRef`, `TransferRef`, and `BurnRef`. Each ref contains a reference to the FA metadata:

Reviewer 2: permission control => granular permission control

> Reference(ref) is the means to implement permission control across different standard in Aptos. In different contexts, it may be called capabilities sometimes. In FA standard, there are three distinct refs one each for minting, transferring, and burning FA respectively called `MintRef`, `TransferRef`, and `BurnRef`. Each ref contains a reference to the FA metadata:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Reference_ (ref) is the means to implement permission control across different standards in Aptos. In different contexts, it may be called _capabilities_. The FA standard has three distinct refs for minting, transferring, and burning FA: `MintRef`, `TransferRef`, and `BurnRef`. Each ref contains a reference to the FA metadata:
```

```rust
struct MintRef has drop, store {
    metadata: Object<Metadata>
}

struct TransferRef has drop, store {
    metadata: Object<Metadata>
}

struct BurnRef has drop, store {
    metadata: Object<Metadata>
}
```

Ref owners can do the following operations depending on the refs they own:

- `MintRef` offers the capability to mint new FA units.
- `TransferRef` offers the capability to mutate the value of `freeze` in any `FungbibleStore` of the same metadata or transfer FA by ignoring `freeze`.
- `BurnRef` offers the capability to burn or delete FA units.

> The three refs collectively act as the building blocks of various permission control system as they have `store` so can be passed around and stored anywhere. Please refer to the source file for `mint()`, `mint_to()`, `burn()`, `burn_from()`, `withdraw_with_ref()`, `deposit_with_ref()`, and `transfer_with_ref()`: These functions are used to mint, burn, withdraw, deposit, and transfer FA using the MintRef, BurnRef, and TransferRef.

Reviewer 2: May be we can give a quick example here taken from managed_fungible_asset where these refs are stored to be used by the creator later

### Creators

A FA creator can add fungibility to any object at creation by taking `&ConstructorRef` with required information to
make that object a metadata of the associated FA. Then FA of this metadata can be minted and used.
new `CoinType`.

```rust
public fun add_fungibility(
    constructor_ref: &ConstructorRef,
    monitoring_supply_with_maximum: Option<Option<u128>>,
    name: String,
    symbol: String,
    decimals: u8,
): Object<Metadata>
```

The creator has the opportunity to define a name, symbol, decimals, and whether or not the total supply for the FA is
monitored. The following applies:

- The first three of the above (`name`, `symbol`, `decimals`)  are purely metadata and have no impact for onchain
  applications. Some applications may use decimal to equate a single Coin from fractional coin.
- Monitoring supply (`monitor_supply`) helps track total FA in supply. However, due to the way the parallel executor
  works, turning on this option will prevent any parallel execution of mint and burn. If the coin will be regularly
  minted or burned, consider disabling `monitor_supply`.

### Users

> Coin users can:

Reviewer 2: Coin users? Should this be fungible asset holders?

> - Merging two FAs of the same metadata object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Merge two FAs of the same metadata object.
```

> - Extracting FA from a fungible store into another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extract FA from a fungible store into another.
```

> - Ability to deposit and withdraw from a `FungibleStore` and emit events as a result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deposit and withdraw from a `FungibleStore` and emit events as a result.
```

> - Allows for users to register a `CoinStore<CoinType>` in their account to handle coin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Register a `CoinStore<CoinType>` in their account to handle coin.
```

### Primitives

At creation, the creator has the option to generate refs from the same `&ConstructorRef` to manage FA. These will need
to be stored in global storage to be used later.

#### Mint

> If the manager would like to mint FA, they must retrieve a reference to `MintRef`, and call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the manager would like to mint FA, they must retrieve a reference to `MintRef` and call:
```

```rust
public fun mint(ref: &MintRef, amount: u64): FungibleAsset
```

This will produce a new FA of the metadata in the ref, containing a value as dictated by the `amount`. If supply is

> tracked, then it will also be adjusted. There is also a `mint_to` function that also deposits to a `FungibleStore`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tracked, then it will also be adjusted. Also, there is a `mint_to` function that deposits to a `FungibleStore`
```

after minting as a helper.

#### Burn

The opposite operation of minting. Likewise, a reference to `BurnRef` is required and call:

```rust
public fun burn(ref: &BurnRef, fa: FungibleAsset)
```

> This will reduce the passed-in `fa` to ashes as your will. There is also a `burn_from` function that forcibly withdraws

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will reduce the passed-in `fa` to ashes. There is also a `burn_from` function that forcibly withdraws FA
```

> from an account first and then burn the fa withdrawn as a helper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from an account first and then burns the withdrawn FA as a helper.
```

#### Transfer and Freeze/Unfreeze

`TransferRef` has two functions:

- Flip `frozen` in `FungibleStore` holding FA of the same metadata in the `TransferRef`. if
  it is false, the store is "frozen" that nobody can deposit to or withdraw from this store without using the ref.
- Withdraw from or deposit to a store ignoring `frozen` field.

To change `frozen`, call:

```rust
public fun set_frozen_flag<T: key>(
    ref: &TransferRef,
    store: Object<T>,
    frozen: bool,
)
```

:::tip
This function will emit a `FrozenEvent`.
:::

To forcibly withdraw, call:

```Rust
public fun withdraw_with_ref<T: key>(
    ref: &TransferRef,
    store: Object<T>,
    amount: u64
): FungibleAsset
```

:::tip
This function will emit a `WithdrawEvent`.
:::

> To forcibly deposit, call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To forcibly deposit, call:
```

has to call:

```rust
public fun create_primary_store_enabled_fungible_asset(
    constructor_ref: &ConstructorRef,
    monitoring_supply_with_maximum: Option<Option<u128>>,
    name: String,
    symbol: String,
    decimals: u8,
)
```

The parameters are the same as those of `add_fungibility()`.

## Primitives

### Get Primary `FungibleStore`

To get the primary store object of a metadata object belonging to an account, call:

```rust
public fun primary_store<T: key>(owner: address, metadata: Object<T>): Object<FungibleStore>
```

:::tip
There are other utility functions. `primary_store_address` returns the deterministic address the primary store,
and `primary_store_exists` checks the existence, etc.
:::

### Manually Create Primary `FungibleStore`

If a primary store does not exist, any entity is able to create it by calling:

```rust
public fun create_primary_store<T: key>(owner_addr: address, metadata: Object<T>): Object<FungibleStore>
```

### Check Balance and Frozen Status

To check the balance of a primary store, call:

```rust
public fun balance<T: key>(account: address, metadata: Object<T>): u64
```

> To check whether the given account's primary store is frozen, call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check whether the given account's primary store is frozen, call:
```

---
title: "Fungible Asset"
id: "fungible-asset"
---
import ThemedImage from '@theme/ThemedImage';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

# Fungible Asset

Fungible assets (FAs) are an essential part of the Aptos ecosystem, as they enable the creation and transfer of fungible units, which can represent different assets, such as currency, shares, material in games, or many other types of assets. Furthermore, FAs can be used to build decentralized applications that require a token economy, such as decentralized exchanges or gaming platforms.

The [fungible asset module](https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-core/blob/main/aptos-move/framework/aptos-framework/sources/fungible_asset.move) provides a standard, type-safe framework for defining FAs within the Aptos Move ecosystem.

> In this standard, FAs are stored in `Object<FungibleStore>` that has a specific amount of units. FAs are units that are interchangeable with others of the same metadata. The standard is built upon object model so all the resources defined here are included in object resource group and stored inside objects. FAs have a metadata object define that include information such as name, symbol and decimals. They can be stored in objects that contain a FungibleStore resource. These store objects can be freely created and FAs can be moved, split, combined between them easily. The standard also supports minting new units and burning existing units with appropriate controls.

Reviewer 2: FAs have a metadata object define that include ... => FA metadata is a separate object that includes ...

The different objects involved - `Object<Metadata>` and `Object<FungibleStore>` objects, and their relationships to accounts are shown in the diagram below:
<div style={{textAlign: "center"}}>
<ThemedImage
alt="fungible asset architecture"

> sources={{

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we can keep primary/secondary concepts out of this diagram. This should only demonstrate the metadata and store objects and their relationship to the creator and hodler accounts

Author: I think that's kind of easy for follow but without secondary stores, it is hard for ppl to realize primary store is not the only one an owner can have but a special PDA-store. Not to mention we introduce `secondary` in this doc but it's not in the diagram. Would that be more perplexing?

```rust
public entry fun transfer<T: key>(sender: &signer, from: Object<T>, to: Object<T>, amount: u64)
```

:::tip
This will emit both `WithdrawEvent` and `DepositEvent` on the respective `Fungibletore`s.
:::

## Events

- `DepositEvent`: Emitted when FAs are deposited into a store.
- `WithdrawEvent`: Emitted when FAs are withdrawn from a store.
- `FrozenEvent`: Emitted when the frozen status of a fungible store is updated.

```rust
struct DepositEvent has drop, store {
    amount: u64,
}
```

```rust
struct WithdrawEvent has drop, store {
    amount: u64,
}
```

```rust
struct FrozenEvent has drop, store {
    frozen: bool,
}
```

# Primary `FungibleStore`

Each `FungibleStore` object has an owner. However, an owner may possess more than one store. When Alice sends FA to
Bob, how does she determine the correct destination? Additionally, what happens if Bob doesn't have a store yet?

To address these questions, the standard has been expanded to define primary and secondary stores.

- Each account owns only one undeletable primary store, the address of which is derived in a deterministic

>   manner. from the account address and metadata object address. If primary store does not exist, it will be created if

Reviewer 2: Remove . after "manner"

  FA is going to be deposited by calling functions defined in `primary_fungible_store.move`
- Secondary stores do not have deterministic address and theoretically deletable. Users are able to create as many

>   secondary stores as they want using the provided functions but they have to take care of the indexing by themselves.

Reviewer 2: "take care of the indexing by themselves." is a bit vague to me. Any better way to explain this?

Author: I changed. it.

---
title: "Fungible Asset"
id: "fungible-asset"
---
import ThemedImage from '@theme/ThemedImage';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> # Fungible Asset

Reviewer 3: why didn't we just start with this from the AIP:

Fungible Assets is a core framework component within Aptos that enables the tokenization of various assets, including commodities, real estate, and financial instruments, and facilitate the creation of decentralized financial applications.

Tokenization of securities and commodities provides fractional ownership, making these markets more accessible to a broader range of investors.
Fungible tokens can also represent ownership of real estate, enabling fractional ownership and providing liquidity to the traditionally illiquid market.
In-game assets such as virtual currencies and characters can be tokenized, enabling players to own and trade their assets, creating new revenue streams for game developers and players.
Besides aforementioned features, fungible asset is a superset of cryptocurrency as coin is just one type of fungible asset. Coin module in Move could be replaced by fungible asset framework.

---
title: "Fungible Asset"
id: "fungible-asset"
---
import ThemedImage from '@theme/ThemedImage';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

# Fungible Asset

> Fungible assets (FA) are an essential part of the Aptos ecosystem, as they enable the creation and transfer of fungible
> units, which can represent different things, such as currency, shares, material in games, or any other type of asset.
> Fungible assets can be used to build decentralized applications that require a token economy, such as decentralized
> exchanges or gaming platforms.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Fungible assets (FA) are an essential part of the Aptos ecosystem, as they enable the creation and transfer of fungible units, which can represent different assets, such as currency, shares, material in games, or many other types of assets. Furthermore, fungible assets can be used to build decentralized applications that require a token economy, such as decentralized exchanges or gaming platforms.
```

> [Fungible asset module](https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-core/blob/main/aptos-move/framework/aptos-framework/sources/fungible_asset.move)
> provides a standard, typesafe framework for assets with fungibility.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The [fungible asset module](https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-core/blob/main/aptos-move/framework/aptos-framework/sources/fungible_asset.move) provides a standard, type-safe framework for defining fungible assets within the Aptos Move ecosystem.
```

> In this standard, fungible assets are stored in `Object<FungibleStore>` that has a specific amount of units, which
> can be transferred, burned, or minted. Fungible assets are units that are interchangeable with others of the same
> metadata. The standard is built upon object model so all the resources defined here are included in object resource
> group and stored inside objects.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this standard, fungible assets are stored in `Object<FungibleStore>` that has a specific amount of units. Fungible assets are units that are interchangeable with others of the same metadata. The standard is built upon object model so all the resources defined here are included in object resource group and stored inside objects. The fungible assets within an object can be divided into smaller units creating new stores without creating new units. Similarly they can be combined to aggregate units into fewer objects. The standard also supports minting new units and burning existing units with appropriate controls.
```

The relationship between the structures laid out in this standard is shown in this diagram.
<div style={{textAlign: "center"}}>
<ThemedImage
alt="fungible asset architecture"
sources={{
    light: useBaseUrl('/img/docs/fungible-asset.svg'),
    dark: useBaseUrl('/img/docs/fungible-asset-dark.svg'),
  }}
/>
</div>

## Difference with Aptos Coin

> FA is a broader category than just coins. While fungible coins are just one possible use case of FA, it can represent a wider range of fungible items, such as in-game assets, event tickets, and more. FA is constructed using an object model, which provides the flexibility for customizable, detailed management and offers a new programming model based on objects."
> The final goal of FA is to replace Aptos coin.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
FA is a broader category than just coins. While fungible coins are just one possible use case of FA, it can represent a wider range of fungible items, such as in-game assets like gems or rocks, event tickets, and partial ownership of real-world assets. FA is constructed using an object model, which provides the flexibility for customizable, detailed management and offers a new programming model based on objects.

Minimally, Aptos coin should be interchangeable with FA, it is up to the will of the ecosystem to dictate the whether or not Aptos coin is replaced by a FA equivalent.
```

Let's tone this down a bit? We haven't received deep enough feedback on the possibilities here.

## Structures

### Metadata Object

> FA metadata defines the type of FA. A metadata is defined in Move as:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Within FA, metadata defines attributes of the type and other common features. The type, itself, is defined by the Object or address where this information lies. In other words, two assets with identical metadata but distinct Objects are not the same. The metadata layout is defined as:
```

```rust
#[resource_group_member(group = aptos_framework::object::ObjectGroup)]
struct Metadata has key {
    supply: Option<Supply>,
    /// Name of the fungible metadata, i.e., "USDT".
    name: String,
    /// Symbol of the fungible metadata, usually a shorter version of the name.
    /// For example, Singapore Dollar is SGD.
    symbol: String,
    /// Number of decimals used for display purposes.
    /// For example, if `decimals` equals `2`, a balance of `505` coins should
    /// be displayed to a user as `5.05` (`505 / 10 ** 2`).
    decimals: u8,
}
```

> :::tip
> This refers to a type system that uses metadata to differentiate between different types, much like CoinType in a coin standard. However, in this system, even if two metadata objects are exactly the same, they represent two distinct types rather than just one.
> :::
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Let's improve the language above, this tip implies we did not do a good job above. And I concur.

> A Coin uses the `CoinType` to support re-usability of the Coin framework for distinct Coins. For example, `Coin<A>`
> and `Coin<B>` are two distinct coins.
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Move this below, it is too early.

### Fungible Asset and Fungible Store

> Since metadata is specified, FA could be defined as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
FA allows typing to be decoupled from metadata by allocating an object reference that points at the metadata. Hence a set of units of FA is represented as an amount and a reference to the metadata, as shown:
```

```rust
struct FungibleAsset {
    metadata: Object<Metadata>,
    amount: u64,
}
```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

In contrast to Objects and addresses, a Coin uses a generic, or the `CoinType`, to support distinct typing within the Coin framework. For example, `Coin<A>` and `Coin<B>` are two distinct coins, if `A != B`.

```

> Simple, right? An object representing the type and the amount of units held. It is noted that it does not have any
> abilities, so it can be passed from one function to another but has to be deposited back into a fungible store
> at the end of the transaction. In other words, it must be consumed and cannot be
> directly stored anywhere. But how to store it? Here comes `FungibleStore` for storing them in objects:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The fungible assets is a struct representing the type and the amount of units held. As the struct does not have either key or store abilities, it can only be passed from one function to another but must be consumed by the end of a transaction. Specifically, it must be deposited back into a fungible store at the end of the transaction:
```

```rust
#[resource_group_member(group = aptos_framework::object::ObjectGroup)]
    struct FungibleStore has key {
    /// The address of the base metadata object.
    metadata: Object<Metadata>,
    /// The balance of the fungible metadata.
    balance: u64,
    /// Fungible Assets transferring is a common operation, this allows for freezing/unfreezing accounts.

>     allow_ungated_balance_transfer: bool,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    frozen: bool,
```

}
```

> The only extra field added here is `allow_ungated_balance_transfer`. if it is `true`, this object is frozen, i.e.
> deposit and withdraw are both disabled without using `TransferRef` in the next section.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The only extra field added here is `frozen`. if it is `true`, this object is frozen, i.e. deposit and withdraw are both disabled without using `TransferRef` in the next section.
```

### References

> Reference(ref) is the means to implement permission control across different standard in Aptos. In different contexts,
> it may be called capabilities sometimes. In FA standard, there are three refs for Mint, Transfer and Burn operations on
> FA of the same metadata specified in the ref struct.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Reference(ref) is the means to implement permission control across different standard in Aptos. In different contexts, it may be called capabilities sometimes. In FA standard, there are three distinct refs one each for minting, transferring, and burning FA respectively called `MintRef`, `TransferRef`, and `BurnRef`. Each ref contains a reference to the FA metadata:
```

```rust
struct MintRef has drop, store {
    metadata: Object<Metadata>
}

struct TransferRef has drop, store {
    metadata: Object<Metadata>
}

struct BurnRef has drop, store {
    metadata: Object<Metadata>
}
```

> - `MintRef` offers the capability to mint FA.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `MintRef` offers the capability to mint new FA units.
```

> - `TransferRef` offers the capability to mutate the value of `allow_ungated_balance_transfer` in any
>   `FungbibleStore` of the same metadata or transfer FA by ignoring `allow_ungated_balance_transfer`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `TransferRef` offers the capability to mutate the value of `freeze` in any `FungbibleStore` of the same metadata or transfer FA by ignoring `freeze`.
```

> - `MintRef` offers the capability to mint FA.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `BurnRef` offers the capability to burn or delete FA units.
```

> The three refs collectively act as the building blocks of various permission control system as they have `store` so
> can be passed around and stored anywhere. Please refer to the source file for `mint()`, `mint_to()`, `burn()`,
> `burn_from()`, `withdraw_with_ref()`, `deposit_with_ref()`, and `transfer_with_ref()`: These functions are used to
> mint, burn, withdraw, deposit, and transfer FA using the MintRef, BurnRef, and TransferRef.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The three refs collectively act as the building blocks of various permission control system as they have `store` so can be passed around and stored anywhere. Please refer to the source file for `mint()`, `mint_to()`, `burn()`, `burn_from()`, `withdraw_with_ref()`, `deposit_with_ref()`, and `transfer_with_ref()`: These functions are used to mint, burn, withdraw, deposit, and transfer FA using the MintRef, BurnRef, and TransferRef.
```

> It is worth noting that these functions are only a part of a larger smart contract system, and they need to be  
> integrated with other functions and modules to create a complete system. Developers who want to use these functions  
> should familiarize themselves with the smart contract system they are working with and ensure that they understand  
> how these functions fit into the larger architecture.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note, these are framework functions and must be combined with business logic to produce a usable system. Developers who want to use these functions should familiarize themselves with the concepts of Aptos object model and understand how the reference system enables extensible designs within Aptos move.
```

### Creators

> FA creators can:
> 
> - Initialize a FA metadata object based on which FA can be minted.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An object or asset can become an FA by calling `add_fungibility` during the creation of the object:
```

```rust
public fun add_fungibility(
    constructor_ref: &ConstructorRef,
    monitoring_supply_with_maximum: Option<Option<u128>>,
    name: String,
    symbol: String,
    decimals: u8,
): Object<Metadata>
```

### Ref Owners (Managers)

> Ref owners can do the following operations depending on the refs they own:

Reviewer 3: this was already defined above... let's move that contents down here.

- Mint (to account) and/or burn (from account).

> - Modify `allow_ungated_balance_transfer` of any `FungibleStore` with the same metadata object.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Modify `freeze` of any `FungibleStore` with the same metadata object.
```

- Allows for users to register a `CoinStore<CoinType>` in their account to handle coin.

### Creating

A FA creator can add fungibility to any object at creation by taking `&ConstructorRef` with required information to
make that object a metadata of the associated FA. Then FA of this metadata can be minted and used.
new `CoinType`.

```rust
public fun add_fungibility(
    constructor_ref: &ConstructorRef,
    monitoring_supply_with_maximum: Option<Option<u128>>,
    name: String,
    symbol: String,
    decimals: u8,
): Object<Metadata>
```

The creator has the opportunity to define a name, symbol, decimals, and whether or not the total supply for the FA is
monitored. The following applies:

- The first three of the above (`name`, `symbol`, `decimals`)  are purely metadata and have no impact for onchain
  applications. Some applications may use decimal to equate a single Coin from fractional coin.
- Monitoring supply (`monitor_supply`) helps track total FA in supply. However, due to the way the parallel executor
  works, turning on this option will prevent any parallel execution of mint and burn. If the coin will be regularly

>   minted or burned, consider disabling `monitor_supply`.

Reviewer 3: again we define this again, it should be merged above
